---
layout: post
title:  "Acadiana Software Group's February Meeting – Wednesday, February 10th @ 6:30 PM"
date:   2016-02-08 17:45:00
categories: meeting web
---
On February 10th @ 6:30pm we will hold our February Acadiana Software Group meeting! We will have a member from our very own community give us a unique presentation on building web ready applications using 2016 standards on the Word Press platform. In this talk, Taylor will give us information and show our community how to utilize the power of Word Press to build a compelling and capable web solution that matches any needs in today's necessary web standards. Let's make sure to support our community member and learn about building a powerful web application on an unsuspectingly powerful platform.

## Presentation

The Evolving Web Standards - Staying on the "Bubble"
An invitation from a web developer, to you, for a look at current standards and trends being used to meet today’s web application demands. The discussion will be revolved around how these new standards relate to the power of WordPress.
 
The Talk will consist of Web Languages (PHP5, MySQL 5.5+, HTML5, CSS3, JS), Search Engine Standards (SSL & Encryption, Caching & Speed, Mobile-Friendliness), and Development & Work-Flow (Plugins, Coding, Frameworks, Tips, Tricks, Troubleshooting, Front-end, Back-end, Extensions, Subscriptions, Third-Party Web Apps, Back-end, Community, Design, Mobile-Apps, Connectivity, and more) to produce the ""High Definition Web""!

## Presenter

[Taylor Latch](http://www.wapp.guru/) is the Co-Founder and Lead Developer at the local Acadiana based company Wapp Guru LLC. The web application gurus build customized websites that connect, adapt, and grow into the future.

## Schedule Itinerary:

* Social - 30 minutes - 6:30 PM
* ASG Presentation: The Evolving Web Standards: Staying on the ""Bubble"" - 45 minutes - 7:00 PM
* Brief Break - 5 minutes - 7:45 PM
* Cajun Code Fest Presentation - 15 minutes - 7:50 PM
* Additional News, Social, and cleanup - 15 minutes - 8:05 PM
* Offsite Social, Drinks, etc. - 1 hour - 8:20 PM

## Meeting Sponsor

TBD - If you are interested in Sponsoring please let us know, we would love to have you and we can make it a benefit to you!

## Location:

Place: LITE Center
Street: 537 Cajundome Blvd., Suite 101
City: Lafayette
State: LA
Zip: 70506

## How can I keep in touch

You can visit us at [acadianasoftwaregroup.org](https://acadianasoftwaregroup.org), subscribe to our [calendar](webcal://acadianasoftwaregroup.org/api/cal/ical) and [RSS](https://acadianasoftwaregroup.org/api/cms/rss), email us at [admin@acadianasoftwaregroup.org](mailto:admin@acadianasoftwaregroup.org), or join our slack group [acadianasoftwaregroup.slack.com](https://acadianasoftwaregroup.slack.com). If you would like to be added to the slack group, you email us at [admin@acadianasoftwaregroup.org](mailto:admin@acadianasoftwaregroup.org).

[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/acadianasoftwaregroup/), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/AcadianaSG)

## About Acadiana Software Group

The Acadiana Software Group is founded on the premise of providing a Community for the Software minded individuals of the surrounding Acadiana area. Our mission as a group is to facilitate education, knowledge exchange, and community among those who use Software as a profession or hobby. We hope to define this group by the needs of the community and its continual evolution, just as software itself has continued to evolve. We will provide informative presentations, education, and ideas that would enrich and enhance our minds, professions, and hobbies. We intend to bring up important topics and issues that are relative to us as a community. Our end goal is to put you as the center of the group. Ultimately with each person forming the group, we hope to bring a unique culture and a wealth of experience for anyone in the group to utilize.

Thank you for your support and being a part of this community,

ASG Committee
