---
layout: post
title:  "Acadiana Software Group's January Meeting – Functional in Java 8"
date:   2016-01-06 12:54:48
categories: meeting functional java
---
On January 13th @ 6:30pm we will hold our January Acadiana Software Group meeting! We plan to have a presentation to discuss Functional Programming concepts. We will be utilizing some new features in Java 8 to explore these concepts and open the floor to discussion on how this can be useful. In our world, we must utilize several new technologies and capabilities to solve problems in efficient and new ways. Functional Programming is a utility we should all have under our belts as programmers. Please join us in covering this topic!

Please forward this email to anyone you think might be interested in this!

## Presentation

Functional Programming in Java 8

Java is almost 20 years old.  It has evolved but it has been without functional programming features until 2014.  We'll show how to use Java 8 lambdas and how they are syntax sugar atop existing features.  Streams are where you'll primarily use lambdas to operate on collections so we'll see where they fit as well.
 
We hope to discuss as a community how functional programming can help you build better applications and solutions.

## Presenter

[Demian Neidetcher](http://neidetcher.com/) is a Senior Software Engineer at Time Warner Cable.  He has been a programmer since 1997 working with Java or JVM languages like Scala or Groovy in the telecommunications domain.

## Schedule Itinerary:

* Social - 30 minutes - 6:30 PM
* Announcements - 15 minutes - 7:00 PM
* ASG Presentation: Functional Programming in Java8 - 30 minutes - 7:15 PM
* Discussion on Functional Programming in Java8. - 30 minutes - 7:45 PM
* Innov8 Break Session: TBD - 1 hour - 7:15 PM
* Sponsor News, Social, cleanup - 15 minutes - 8:15 PM
* Offsite Social, Drinks, etc. - 1 hour - 8:30 PM

## Meeting Sponsor

TBD - If you are interested in Sponsoring please let us know, we would love to have you!

## Location:

Place: LITE Center
Street: 537 Cajundome Blvd., Suite 101
City: Lafayette
State: LA
Zip: 70506

## How can I keep in touch

You can visit us at [acadianasoftwaregroup.org](https://acadianasoftwaregroup.org), subscribe to our [calendar](webcal://acadianasoftwaregroup.org/api/cal/ical) and [RSS](https://acadianasoftwaregroup.org/api/cms/rss), email us at [admin@acadianasoftwaregroup.org](mailto:admin@acadianasoftwaregroup.org), or join our slack group [acadianasoftwaregroup.slack.com](https://acadianasoftwaregroup.slack.com). If you would like to be added to the slack group, you email us at [admin@acadianasoftwaregroup.org](mailto:admin@acadianasoftwaregroup.org).

## About Acadiana Software Group

The Acadiana Software Group is founded on the premise of providing a Community for the Software minded individuals of the surrounding Acadiana area. Our mission as a group is to facilitate education, knowledge exchange, and community among those who use Software as a profession or hobby. We hope to define this group by the needs of the community and its continual evolution, just as software itself has continued to evolve. We will provide informative presentations, education, and ideas that would enrich and enhance our minds, professions, and hobbies. We intend to bring up important topics and issues that are relative to us as a community. Our end goal is to put you as the center of the group. Ultimately with each person forming the group, we hope to bring a unique culture and a wealth of experience for anyone in the group to utilize.

Thank you for your support and being a part of this community,

ASG Committee
