---
layout: post
title:  "2016 ARRL Field Day"
date:   2016-06-16 08:00:23
categories: news arrl arra ham radio
---
The Acadiana Amateur Radio Association, Inc. (AARA) would like to extend an invitation to the general public to attend our 2016 ARRL Field Day exercise on Saturday & Sunday June 25 & 26, 2016 at the Horse Farm (Lafayette Central Park). Field Day is always the fourth full weekend of June, beginning at 1800 UTC Saturday and running through 2059 UTC Sunday. Field Day 2016 is June 25-26. Field Day is part educational event, part operating event, part public relations event - and ALL about FUN!

The objective of Field Day is for radio amateurs to make contact with other radio amateurs world wide and while doing so, learn to operate in abnormal situations in less than optimal conditions. This is a contest with other radio operators nation wide and points are acclimated with each contact. The Acadiana Amateur Radio Association, Inc. will be located within the Lafayette Horse Farm using their newly acquired mobile operations trailer (AMOS II) and antenna trailer, Other operators will set up using their portable stations while using battery, generator or solar power. More information on ARRL Field Day can be found at: [http://www.arrl.org/field-day](http://www.arrl.org/field-day)

Everyone is invited. Come out and see what Amateur (Ham) Radio is all about and please pass the word around to all your friends. We get extra points by attending Parish and City officials, Red Cross, Salvation Army, Radio & Television stations, Newspaper, Scouting groups etc. COME OUT AND VISIT WITH US AT THE LAFAYETTE HORSE FARM & SEE AMATEUR (HAM) RADIO IN ACTION!
