---
layout: post
title:  "Acadiana Software Group’s January Meeting - Wednesday, January 11th @ 6:30 PM"
date:   2017-01-04 14:21:12
categories: meeting ignite
---
Wednesday January 11th @ 6:30pm we will hold our January Acadiana Software Group meeting! This month the Acadiana Software Group is going ring in the New Year by holding our first night of Ignite talks.  Ignite talks are 20 slides, auto-advancing every 15 seconds and only 5 minutes long.  They can be on any topic.  Ignite talks are a great chance to share ideas that wouldn't typically take up a full talk.  It's also a way to dip your toe into public speaking (anyone can bomb for 5 minutes).

**Here's our Ignite Talks so far:**
Chris Parich on ""How to fail spectacularly at Java encryption""
Demian Neidetcher on ""Brain Optimization""
Geoff Daily on ""Computers are Smart, Users are Stupid: So What Are You Going to Do About It?""
Raymond Camden on ""Growing Your Family Through Adoption""
Brian Stanford on ""Knowing Your Audience""
 
If there's something you'd like to give a talk on, show up with your laptop and show us what you got.
 
Afterwards we'll hold a post-mortem over food and drink.
 
**Please Note:** We are hosting this event at the **CGI Office building!** Please be aware of the location change for this month. Look below for the address and location.

## Schedule Itinerary:

* Social - 30 minutes - 6:30 PM
* ASG Primary Presentation: Ignite Talks - 45 minutes - 7:00 PM
* Offsite Social, Drinks, etc. - 1 hour - 8:00 PM

## Location:

CGI Acadia A/B Room
538 Cajun Dome Blvd
Lafayette LA 70506

## How can I keep in touch

You can visit us at [acadianasoftwaregroup.org](https://acadianasoftwaregroup.org), subscribe to our [calendar](webcal://acadianasoftwaregroup.org/api/cal/ical) and [RSS](https://acadianasoftwaregroup.org/api/cms/rss), email us at [admin@acadianasoftwaregroup.org](mailto:admin@acadianasoftwaregroup.org), or join our slack group [acadianasoftwaregroup.slack.com](https://acadianasoftwaregroup.slack.com). If you would like to be added to the slack group, you email us at [admin@acadianasoftwaregroup.org](mailto:admin@acadianasoftwaregroup.org).

[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/acadianasoftwaregroup/)

## About Acadiana Software Group

The Acadiana Software Group is founded on the premise of providing a Community for the Software minded individuals of the surrounding Acadiana area. Our mission as a group is to facilitate education, knowledge exchange, and community among those who use Software as a profession or hobby. We hope to define this group by the needs of the community and its continual evolution, just as software itself has continued to evolve. We will provide informative presentations, education, and ideas that would enrich and enhance our minds, professions, and hobbies. We intend to bring up important topics and issues that are relative to us as a community. Our end goal is to put you as the center of the group. Ultimately with each person forming the group, we hope to bring a unique culture and a wealth of experience for anyone in the group to utilize.

Thank you for your support and being a part of this community,

ASG Committee
